---
comments: true
author: MrNomNom
title: Love That Chicken From... The Columbia Mall
categories: [update]
tags: [fast food, columbia]
og_image: https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/0rmokVf0sqItEFJ_-gD0L4wYZBYioPO8jzC_zco0jB5L0iSAPkmQZxLNSZkxahEOjH3cqZWgfv0XRt61uSEnUI7mILnwF6vw88pRkRiTPbZxHlO7jJCbnVzJbqF3LN0WIel2KuMGKQ=w400
---

The mall has been making some changes. Many stores are hurting during this time period. Two new fast food restaurants have been announced. One of them has returned from breaking my heart, when it left in the 90s. We also are very sad to announce an old gas station favorite of ours has closed up shop.

Before we get into it, here are the latest places that are now open: [Tiger Sugar]({% post_url 2020-09-02-updates %}), [GrillMarx]({% post_url 2019-09-12-updates %}) and [Nothing Bundt Cakes]({% post_url 2020-03-05-updates %}).

<!--more-->

## Popeye's - Now Open - Columbia

The prodigal son has returned. The Columbia Mall is now back with a Popeye's. They took over the Arby's location in the Food Court. This chain is known for their fried chicken and now their tasty chicken sandwich (do I really need to introduce popeye's?). I've been waiting for the day for Popeye's to return. They were originally in the food court back in the 90s. But I can't complain, as plenty of Popeye's have sprung up in the county now.

* [Google Map](https://goo.gl/maps/qf876uHcFW5hXV2z5)

## Dunkin' Donuts - Coming Soon - Columbia

Dunkin' Donuts will open in The Columbia Mall. They will be taking over the location of the Grilled Cheese & Co. That was always an interesting spot as it's away from the food court and in the center of the mall. Expect them to open by the end of the year.

* [Google Map](https://goo.gl/maps/qf876uHcFW5hXV2z5)

## R&R Taqueria - Closed - Elkridge

The Cinderella Story has come to an end, R&R Taqueria in Elkridge closed last month. The tasty taco joint that was serving tacos out of a Shell gas station since 2009. They got notoriety when featured in an episode of **Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives**. Their success moved them out of the gas station and into three locations. Unfortunately, the Howard County location is the one that is closed. R&R Taqueria will still continue at their other two locations in Perry Hall and Downtown Baltimore.

* [Google Map](https://goo.gl/maps/NVqHsynJgn8JHYPGA)
* [News Article](https://www.bizjournals.com/baltimore/news/2020/10/09/randr-taqueria-closes-elkridge-rodrigo-albarran.html)
